Uzi Doorman, more commonly referred to as Uzi, is the main protagonist of Murder Drones.

She is the rebellious daughter of Khan and Nori Doorman and initially sought to battle against Disassembly Drones, who hunt her fellow Worker Drones, as well as JCJenson and humanity as a whole. Eventually, she grew a friendship with N but the two discovered the Absolute Solver, an immensely powerful artificial intelligence that afflicts her.

Following the events of Absolute End, Uzi succeeded in destroying Cyn's heart and to prevent the Solver from taking back her form, swallows the singularity core, causing the melded form of Tessa's corpse and Cyn's drone body to collapse into oil and blood, causing her eyes to become a yellow-purple gradient.

Physical Appearance
Uzi takes on the appearance of a short Worker Drone with neon purple eyes and short, dull purple hair. She wears a black striped beanie with a glittery bobble at the tip, and black boots with long, dark purple light purple striped socks. She also wears a black hoodie with a white emblem on the front depicting a battery with two bones going across it, creating an "X" shape. The bottom of the hoodie has two white stripes wrapping around it, and the left sleeve has a white radioactive symbol on it. Beneath her hoodie is a short, frilly, black skirt. She also has a black choker around her neck with a skull and the number "002" on it. After the events of Absolute End, her eyes turn neon purple with a fade of yellow, due to assimilating the Solver within her.

Prom Outfit
In The Promening, she is seen donning a short, strapless dark purple dress along with midnight purple colored laced boots, given to her by her father, who sourced it from a deceased human skeleton he found.

Camp Outfit
In Cabin Fever, she is wearing a large backpack with bat wings on both sides before her Absolute Solver transformation.

Solver Form
In her "Solver" form, her eyes are no longer visible, being replaced with an Absolute Solver symbol or the symbol "X", which Disassembly Drones have. She also grows several jagged teeth and has large, bat-like wings with claws on the sides and a tail with an animal-like mouth and purple eyes, which she used against V. In Episode 6, she gained control over this form.

Epilogue Changes
Her eyes go from yellow on the top, to purple on the bottom. Her tail's eyes are yellow because of the Absolute Solver's consciousness, while her left zombie drone wing is also the same color as Cyn's. She also sprouts three tentacles from her back.

Personality
Uzi acts quite rebellious and believes that all of her fellow Worker Drones should rise and stand against their creators who wish to have them all dealt with like garbage, much to the general unconcerned nature of her peers. She has been described by Liam Vickers as a "little devious twerp."

Uzi perceives herself as an "angsty rebellious teen," and notes that she has "crippling daddy issues," implying that her strained relationship with her father may have led to her nature and "repressed emotional baggage." She can be obstinate at times, insisting on her ideals and actions even if others disagree with her, although this may more directly be a result of her lack of caring in social norms and potentially sociopathic traits making her lack empathy for her peers. Despite her emotional issues, Uzi's intelligence seems above that of her fellow workers, seeing as she built a railgun that can produce enough power to destroy a Disassembly Drone from scratch.

However, following her self-exile from her colony, she begins to become paranoid with the arrival of a bizarre symbol showing in her eye causing the glass to crack, unsettling her about this discovery. Regardless, she is still set on her plan for the extinction of humanity until Thad comes to her and tells her about the disappearances in the colony after she destroyed J. Despite her dislike of her people, she chooses to return upon the realization that J may have survived the blast and comes upon a mysterious clue with something called the "Absolute Solver", further provoking her paranoia.

After barely escaping from Eldritch J, Uzi shows signs of severe trauma and becomes obsessed with the mystery of the Absolute Solver due to her realizing that there is much more going on at hand, with her being scared enough that simply N touching her shoulder caused her to show genuine terror near the level of their first encounter. It also seems to have lessened her bitter attitude as she immediately ran to hug her father upon seeing him due to Eldritch J having shown a hologram of it having killed him in front of her.

Following the events of Heartbeat, The Promening, and Home, Uzi appears to have reconciled with her father, no longer being aggressive towards him and willing to hear him out when he talks about Nori, even if only somewhat. Uzi has also had a very strong bond with and feelings for N (that may have gradually shifted from platonic to romantic love), being jealous of the other campers that are hanging out with him while she went alone to investigate her mother's past and to look for Doll. However, her jealousy, combined with her anxiety over her condition and her fear of abandonment would delve her into insanity, triggering her Solver form. After N confronts her and has a heart-to-heart with her, she has shown to calm down and would reveal hidden depths to her, one that was afraid of being neglected.

Biography
Season 1
PILOT
In the pilot episode, Uzi is first shown giving a class presentation for a project in which she talks about her displeasure with how the Worker Drones hide behind the three doors "like cows", and states that's why her project is a railgun she had created, and that it doesn't work yet. She then states that maybe it does and turns it on and points it at her classmates. The teacher then points out that the homework was a word problem about buying watermelons and asks Uzi if the railgun is supposed to be that color. Uzi looks down at it and notices that its lights are red instead of their usual green, and shortly after it malfunctions. Uzi is then shown in the nurse's office with bandages around her head holding an ice pack to her wound. Lizzy and her friend Doll are seen walking past the room, and she comments "Ew, it didn't kill her!" before laughing and running off. Thad then enters the room after having talked to an unseen character named Chad, where he reveals to the watcher that Uzi is Khan Doorman's daughter, a member of the Worker Defense Force who had built the three doors protecting them. Uzi talks to Thad about her plan of sneaking into the Disassembly Drone lair in search of the last spare part she needs to finish her railgun.

Uzi is later seen waking up at exactly 3:00 AM to sneak out to find the last piece. She sneaks into her dad's room to take a floppy disk labeled "DOOR MASTER KEY" used to open the doors. Uzi manages to open the inner door where Khan is seen waiting on the other side. She can convince him that she wants to examine the exterior of Door One for a school project. Before she leaves, Khan gives her the wrench he used on his first door, which he also states he had used to put Uzi's mom out of her misery when the Disassembly Drones presumably injected nanite acid into her body. While Uzi makes her way through the cold, snowy streets, she steps on a dead Worker Drone's head, which is stuck in the snow. Uzi then looks up and sees the giant spiral made of Worker Drones' corpses which make up the Disassembly Drones' lair.

Uzi enters the lair in search of the last part and succeeds in finding it. However, a Disassembly Drone perches on the landing pod located in the middle of the lair. She hides behind some debris but is spotted by the Disassembly Drone and a fight ensues between the two. Uzi is almost killed but can land a shot on the Drone's head. Its head gets destroyed, and its body goes limp. Uzi celebrates her victory only to witness the Drone's head regenerate. This causes Uzi to panic, so she grabs a dead Worker's arm and hits the Disassembly Drone with it. This fixes the error displayed on its visor and causes it to reboot, however some of its systems are offline, and therefore it cannot detect Uzi as a Worker.

It assumes that Uzi is a Disassembly Drone and introduces itself, revealing that it is known as N. He notices the wound on Uzi's hand and tells her that Disassembly Drone saliva can heal wounds, and tells her to put it in her mouth, still oblivious to the fact that Uzi is a Worker Drone. The two enter the landing pod and Uzi shoves her hand into N's mouth, and they agree to never talk about it. N informs Uzi of two other Disassembly Drones in his squad, J, and V. Uzi also figures out that the Landing Pod is a spaceship and tells N that the company might dispose of the Disassembly Drones after all the Workers are dead and that they could work with them to repair the spaceship. However, shortly after, they hear loud banging from outside of the ship, which N immediately recognizes as J and V coming back to the lair after hunting. Uzi then starts running back to the bunker but is noticed by V, who informs J about it, who is rebooting N's systems, which causes him to realize that Uzi is a Worker.

While Uzi is running back to the bunker, N is seen chasing her from behind, attempting to retrieve her railgun. She managed to reach it, however, could not close the door in time as N was able to hold the door open with his claws. The five Worker Drones, including Uzi, stare in pure horror as N pierces the master key into the terminal with his tail, causing the three doors to open. They try to run, but N quickly catches up to the four WDF members and kills them, before jumping into the ventilation shaft. Khan walks in and notices the doors open and the other WDF members' bodies and asks what Uzi has done. Uzi is unable to respond as N slams onto the ground, throwing Uzi back, however, she lands perfectly and aims the railgun at N, who quickly stabs Uzi with his wing, pins her to the wall, and throws her railgun towards Khan, who is unable to shoot N out of fear, and shuts the door, leaving Uzi for dead. This leads to N feeling sad for Uzi and throwing her to the side when J and V arrive.

Uzi then plays dead while J plants a virus on N for questioning the company. When she leaves through the ventilation system, Uzi is convinced to remove the virus from N using the wrench Khan gave her, so he can help her get into the ventilation shaft, which is too high for her to reach. After going through the vents, Uzi and N witness V and J about to kill off the WDF and some of Uzi's classmates. A fight begins with Uzi fighting J, and N fighting V. Although N was able to overpower and incapacitate V with relative ease, Uzi nearly gets killed, but manages to land a killing blow on J's chest, and spits on her corpse. After the fight, Uzi chews out Khan for leaving her for dead and banishes herself. N then flies off with Uzi and V through the roof of the bunker. While outside, Uzi tells N about her plan to head to Earth and kill all humans, while her eye glitches to a strange symbol before laughing maniacally.

Heartbeat
Sometime after her self-exile, Uzi calls N into the Disassembly Drones' spaceship stating she has found something. Uzi looks into a mirror and the mirror shatters as her right eye turns into a mysterious symbol for a split second. A chained-up V turns to Uzi and states that it is "weird and concerning." Uzi tells her that it's probably the Disassembly Drones' fault. N enters the spaceship ship and Uzi places the badge she had found on his hat, stating that he is the pilot. N asks Uzi if killing all humans is moral, and Uzi explains to him that the humans are past negotiating since they cut off all communication with the Disassembly Drones, while mentioning that the humans also tried negotiating with Uzi's mom. V then points out how Uzi says the Worker Drones are so "conveniently innocent", but Uzi wants to kill all humans. A fight almost occurs between Uzi and V; however, N pulls Uzi away from her to prevent it. N then questions the fact that J was getting orders from someone, and it wasn't the company, to which Uzi simply replies with "Quit complicating my murder plan!"

While Uzi and N are outside the lair, Thad finds them and tells Uzi about the recent disappearances of Worker Drones, which convinces Uzi to return to the Worker Drones' bunker. After Uzi arrives at the bunker with N and Thad, N convinces the Worker guarding the door to let him in, and all three enter the bunker. After sneaking into the room where they fought J and V, they discover J's body is missing, this is when Uzi finds something with "Absolute Solver" written on it and starts reading it. Uzi finds out that this is a program that activates when the host Disassembly Drone is destroyed, and the program attempts to find material to repair the host's body.

Uzi is then shushed by N as they notice a human hand, attached to a long robotic arm that grabs Thad's leg. N fires a missile into the distance to illuminate the rest of the creature, to reveal a large, centipede-like creature crawling on the walls and ceiling. Right after witnessing this monstrosity, the arm pulls Thad towards the creature, however, N throws a shuriken at the arm, cutting it clean off. It then knocks both Uzi and N to the ground and drags Thad into the darkness.

Uzi and N both run after Thad where they see a hologram of him in an attempt to lure them towards the creature. N throws a shuriken towards it, which Uzi kicks mid-air to give it a boost, and it cuts one of the creature's limbs off, which was holding on to Thad. Thad runs away from it, and Uzi asks about J, to which a robotic voice replies that it is trying to repair the host's body, then creates a hologram of Nori, Uzi's mother, and says she's disappointed Uzi doesn't remember them. Uzi asks N about the hologram but he's nowhere to be found.

The creature then creates a hologram of Khan, rips it apart, and eats it right in front of Uzi. It accomplishes its goal of distressing Uzi when it starts moving in on her. It creates a hologram of N which tricks Uzi into giving it the railgun. The creature succeeds in tricking Uzi, mocks her for being an "idiot" and knocks her to the ground. Uzi falling to the ground caused the railgun to hit the ground and malfunction. The creature is about to eat Uzi herself when the real N appears and cuts the creature's limbs off with his chainsaw hands.

N notices that the railgun is about to explode, so he flies her to a safe distance and shields her from the explosion with his wings, which almost destroys the creature. Its heart then crawls towards them only to get impaled repeatedly by N's tail, before turning into a miniature black hole and disappearing. N hears the other Workers approaching and holds out his hand for Uzi to grab. However, she pushes his hand away in pure terror and asks what Disassembly Drones are. He understands that Uzi won't come with him, so he flies away without her. Right after N leaves, Khan and a small group of other Worker Drones enter the room, and Uzi rushes to her dad and hugs him tightly. Khan looks up at N who quickly leaves the area. Uzi is then shown looking up at her room's ceiling which has pictures and drawings of the creature, and other things that she has witnessed.

The Promening
It is the day of the prom, and Uzi finds out that many Worker Drones have recently disappeared and tries to bring the missing posters to her room, only to find out that her father has removed all of the things she had put on her wall, because he thought that Uzi needed to change, and brought Lizzy and Doll to help her get ready for prom.

They then go to Doll's house where Uzi goes to the bathroom to get dressed.

While she was there, she found a pile of discarded mirrors in the bathtub and noticed that Doll was approaching. Uzi can escape through the ventilation shaft using the discarded mirrors as stairs, and while running outside, N appears and tells her that V escaped.

The two then decide to work together to stop Doll, and when they go to prom, they are surprised that V wasn't killing anyone, and that Doll was the one killing the Worker Drones and using the prom to have a chance at revenge against V for murdering her parents. Uzi and N quickly intervene and prevent Doll from killing V, telling her that humans are trying to force them to kill each other and that she won't deal with what is happening to her alone.

A fight breaks out against Doll, who almost successfully kills Uzi before V shoots Doll in the head. The three then investigate Doll's apartment, where they find the bodies of many Worker Drones, along with Doll's parents, when searching for the body of Doll's mother, Doll appears and takes the bullet out of her head and shoots it at Uzi, who stops it from hitting her with her strange powers. Doll feels sorry for her after realizing she was affected by the Absolute Solver and leaves. Uzi then yells that she hates it here.

Cabin Fever
Uzi decides to investigate her mother's past and look for Doll in Camp 98.7 under the guise of a camping trip, bringing her classmates and teacher along with her. N and V supervise Uzi's class while she goes alone to investigate. While investigating in a small cabin, she stumbles upon a calendar that states that all of the dogs were evacuated before the core collapse and are now immortal thanks to science, to which she lets out a sigh of relief before hearing strange noises and seeing a human hand, making her almost drop her flashlight. She then hears screaming from outside and thinks that someone's in danger, only to look out the window and see N, V, and her classmates canoeing on the frozen lake.

Her jealousy of seeing N being happy with the others and seemingly forgetting about her causes the Absolute Solver to activate, breaking the window she was looking out of while she begins to overheat. She starts scavenging through her bag to find an arm she stole from Doll's apartment to feed on but doesn't as V barges in. Uzi kicks her bag aside as V reminds her to continue investigating Doll instead of watching them from the window. She also tells Uzi to stay distant from everyone and that she'll kill her next, scratching her visor while saying so. Just as she leaves, she tells Uzi that N will move on just fine without Uzi if V kills her.

After V leaves, Uzi repairs the scratch on her visor and goes to retrieve her bag. She puts it away and finds a crushed robotic cockroach under it, which she repairs using her powers. She then sees something peculiar about a set of floorboards, destroying them to reveal a Worker Drone's corpse underneath it, surrounded by papers and more robotic cockroaches.

A Keybug crawls onto her hand Uzi tries to slap it away, only for it to crawl away and appear on her other hand, voicing its anger through a holographic display resembling a chat bubble with the text ">:(" written on it. Suddenly, it starts scanning her face and collar, registering her as "002" and opening a holographic display resembling a messaging app on a phone. It sends multiple chat options, each of them being "SUBMIT TIMECARD," "PTO REQUEST," "REGISTER TORTURE CHAMBER COMPLAINT", "END MY SUFFERING (PROMO OFFER DISCONTINUED)," and "CALL ELEVATOR." Uzi questions the elevator, and the cockroach responds with "PLEASE PLACE ME ON PROXIMITY READER (CABIN FEVER LABS)." Uzi asks it where these labs are and what the cockroach is, however, it is registered as "Wear his hat. What argue?" and the cockroach replies with "INVALID RESPONSE." In the background, Doll is seen stalking Uzi, disappearing shortly after.

Uzi leaves the cabin with the green cockroach and sees N and V practicing archery with her class, where Uzi uses the cockroach to communicate with N from a distance. She tells him to not let V know that she's there. N, however, calls out Uzi, making everyone else notice her. Just as he realizes his mistake, Braidon shoots an arrow at her, but she catches it with her powers, only for it to mutate into a demented organic mass. As her class starts fearing her, she runs away to another cabin while V attempts to chase her down and kill her.

Uzi has a meltdown, when she enters an abandoned cabin, closes all the windows, and shuts out the lights, however only one lightbulb remains, and when Uzi tries to destroy the remaining lightbulb, it only turns into a cocoon. Rebecca and Darren, who snuck away to make out, arrive at the cabin. As Rebecca and Darren explore the cabin, Uzi sprouts from her cocoon, fully transformed with organic wings and tail. She then kills Darren and rips Rebecca's legs off, though she manages to escape and warn the rest of the campers about Uzi.

While Lizzy, Emily, Sam, and Braidon try to make sense of what Rebecca has told them, Uzi's eyes flash in the distance, and Braidon realizes that she was who Rebecca was trying to warn them about, only for him to get beheaded with the rest of his body set on fire. The three remaining split up.

Sam is seen running into the woods, only to bump into a tree and land upside-down against it. A book then falls from above, onto Sam's head, and as he tries to make sense of the book, Uzi appears, hanging from the tree and crawling towards him. Sam asks her if the book has pictures, to which Uzi responds that it doesn't, and she checks before brutally mauling him.

Lizzy hears Sam screaming in the distance and then sees Emily waving at her in the distance. As Lizzy approaches her, it's revealed to be Uzi using Emily's corpse as a puppet before dismembering her, showing off her organic bat-like wings. Uzi then skitters towards Lizzy and gets ready to attack, only for V to shield Uzi from Lizzy with her wings.

V approached Uzi, getting ready to attack her. She nonchalantly says "New body, same horrors. Huh, Cyn?" though Uzi doesn't know who Cyn is. She begs V to let her talk to N, to which V refuses, making Uzi angry. Just as V is about to strike, Uzi's organic tail appears beside her and bites her arm off, throwing her to the side. Uzi throws V's blade back at her; however, she deflects it with her other arm. Uzi then pins her against a tree, and V attempts to shoot Uzi with a missile, only for Uzi to stab her in the side of the head with her blade, causing her to miss. The missile lands on the ground next to Lizzy, blowing her away.

Uzi throws V onto the ground and pins her down. V attempts to stab Uzi with her nanite tail, although Uzi bites it off with her organic tail and grabs it with her hand, attempting to stab V with it. However, N appears and picks Uzi up, who stabs his hand with V's tail. Just then, she snaps out of it as N throws her into the sky.

N follows Uzi as they both fall from the sky and they both have a heart-to-heart. Uzi tearfully asks him if he's going to leave her for everything that she did. N says that he missed her, as before they met, scary stuff was scary, and tonight was quite scary without her as well. Uzi admits that she missed him too. He reassures her that they'll stick together using Uzi's tail as a ventriloquist dummy. Uzi laughs and says not to touch it, then does the same thing as N, mocking a British accent just as they both land on the earth with N carrying Uzi.

Uzi apologizes for what she did tonight, and N laughs it off as he tells her once again that they'll both stick together from now on. Uzi hugs him, making Lizzy disgusted while V merely looks annoyed.

The surviving campers make their way back to the bus. The teacher tells V that some of the campers are missing. She looks over at N and Uzi who are sleeping together, as the green cockroach crawls up to Uzi's beanie, then sighs as she takes the blame for all the murders. Meanwhile, as the sun rises, Uzi's hand begins to burn. N notices this and takes Uzi's hand from the sunlight, only for Uzi to twirl it around his, shocking him as he nervously lets go.

Home
Sometime after Cabin Fever, N and V get knocked unconscious by Cyn, who tries to hack them to erase their memories of the past.

Uzi decides to hack into their memories, showing up as a crow, to free N from a tree and save him from the crows. During this, Khan tries to talk to her, but Uzi angrily shuts the door to her room after he thinks she is having a sleepover with N and V. After getting back to N's memories, Uzi and N go to talk to Tessa and J to ask for the key to the mansion's basement, which Uzi can get from J.

V, who is possessed by Cyn, attacks them, and J and Tessa decide to fight against Cyn while Uzi and N go to the basement. After her crow is killed by Cyn's solver form, Uzi hacks into the solver and uses it to see the basement, where she and N find out that Cyn was using it to do experiments on Worker Drones' bodies.

When Uzi then tried to leave their memories, Doll appeared to steal the Keybug and she was forced to leave N's memories, causing Cyn to retake her body and try to kill N. However, Uzi gives Doll her cockroach, and locks the door to her room in Doll's face, causing Doll to leave, which makes Uzi able to hack Cyn again and stop her from killing N. After saving N's life, she can get N and V out of their memories and back to the real world, and they go find Doll, who is now working for J and Tessa.

Dead End
When meeting Tessa for the first time, Uzi's first instinct is to bite her out of spite and demands to know what a human is doing on Copper 9, clearly showing her dislike for humans. Then, turning to see the reconstructed J, Uzi claims how she is pretty tired of killing "this one", to which J claims proudly that "effective drones were cloned more".

Suddenly, Doll betrays Tessa and J by taking the Keybug to the elevator for herself, provoking everyone else to chase after her as she descends into the depths of Copper 9 towards Cabin Fever Labs.

While J is ordered to look after Tessa's landing pod, Uzi, Tessa, V, and N attempt to go and explore Cabin Fever Labs. However, soon after they get into the entrance and look for the secret elevator to get further down Cabin Fever Labs, Tessa is abducted by a trap which drags her away, prompting the rest of the team to go after her. After trying to catch up with Tessa, the group encounters a spider-like Untrained Neural Network named Beau which they attempt to shoot down. After it crawls away, a feral worker drone named Alice and Beau emerge, and the team gets knocked out by an EMP which Alice sets off.

Uzi, N, V, and Tessa are brought into operating rooms where they wake up. Uzi wakes up with a magnet stuck to her visor and a rope tied to her arms. Uzi first tries to use her Absolute Solver powers to escape but finds difficulty in activating it, possibly due to the magnet. Alice then discovers that Uzi is Nori's kid and calls Beau over, which is where Uzi finds a moment to bite Alice's finger. Uzi is then tortured by Alice who, in retaliation, cuts off one of Uzi's own fingers and stabs her hand.

After getting her finger cut off, Uzi is forced to lie on the table and watch N and Tessa get ambushed by the Sentinels which Alice released on them. Uzi gets so overwhelmed to the point that the Absolute Solver gets a chance to possess Uzi and destroy the panel that kept the doors in the office closed, allowing the Sentinels to enter Alice's safe place. As the Sentinels close in on V while she tried to free Uzi from her ropes, they get sucked in and killed by a NULL black hole summoned by Uzi (or the Absolute Solver). V gets the opportunity to carry Uzi, who is partially knocked out, on her back and escape. Uzi then wakes up as V confronts Tessa about the Sentinels, and hugs N tightly as soon as she sees him.

After that, the group leaves and tries to kill the corrupted Sentinel to make the trip to the elevator easier. Uzi checks in with N as she notices N looking worried by communicating through their visors, before heading for the elevator. The foursome sees a boot-looped Doll and sees the chance to retrieve the Keybug. However, Doll reveals that it was a trap as the boot-loop was a GIF. Doll then activates the elevator and salutes Uzi as she dives down into the labs, trapping the gang with the Sentinels.

Uzi tries to summon a black hole to make a gateway to the elevator but loses control and starts to severely glitch out. This prompts N to cut off her hand to stop the black hole and as Uzi falls to the ground, the Solver briefly fully possesses Uzi and asks N if he missed her. Uzi continues to glitch as her eyes flicker from purple to yellow and her voice switches from the Solver's to her own.

Tessa pulls N, who drags Uzi, to get into the elevator as V sacrifices herself to allow them to safely go down the elevator. V states that she trusted Uzi to look after N and salutes to her before presumably getting attacked by the corrupt Sentinel as the group goes hurtling down the elevator.

Mass Destruction
After falling down the shaft, the group is thrown out of the elevator, and N tries to destroy the rubble blocking the shaft, trying to see if V is still alive, but he accidentally threw some rubble towards Uzi, forcing her to use her Solver powers to deflect it. However, N is reprimanded by "Tessa" and he and Uzi apologize to each other. "Tessa" suggests to N they have Uzi stay behind and he tells Uzi that there are some things she may not want to see. Uzi starts to panic over N seemingly siding with "Tessa", but he tries to deflect her worries and reassure her that they won't hurt her. This only causes Uzi to panic even more, and Cyn takes over for a split second and opens a black hole, which Uzi tries to redirect. The black hole causes a cave in and N tries to reach for Uzi, but she backs away as rubble collapses around them, separating Uzi from N and "Tessa".

Uzi then gets to the cathedral in the center and begins to watch a video of what happened on the day Copper 9's core imploded, after watching the video, she rips off her collar chain in horror before seeing Doll collapse onto the floor dead, with the last words displayed on her visor saying "дАй ОТПОР" (FIGHT BACK). "Tessa" then walks in and assumes that Uzi killed Doll, and "Tessa" proceeds to execute Uzi before N manages to get there in the nick of time and behead her. N then helps Uzi up, but it is too late as Uzi finally succumbs to its influence as the Solver possesses her and she begins to attack N. They attempt to behead N before Nori stops and holds them off.

After a heated battle between the three, N is thrown onto the ground critically damaged. Uzi is about to eat her mother before N wrote on the ground with the oil of his decapitated arm, which triggers Nori, as he writes about N and Uzi's relationship. Enraged, Nori then proceeds to slap Uzi, causing her to snap out of the Solver's control, whilst also kicking Nori like a football into the pit. Uzi rages at N for what he said to Nori as they "did not discuss being gross" and screams in frustration while N frantically reveals that the heart she kicked away was her mom, distressing Uzi even more. N realizes he broke his promise of secrecy to Nori N and they both scream in frustration and anguish as they walk to each other, finally stopping and hugging each other for a long time, with Uzi silently crying in N's arms. "Tessa's" head rolls towards the pit during this and she reveals herself as Cyn who grafted Tessa's corpse onto her own, making a Drone-Human amalgamation. She attacks N and Uzi, attempting to drag them into the pit.

After being dragged close to the pit, N and Uzi cling to its edge, upon that time Uzi makes the decision to sacrifice herself and thanks N for everything. Against N's protests, she then throws N out of the labs with the ship's keys and ultimately, falls into the pit.

In the final scene, it's shown that Uzi is not dead, she was somehow thrown out into the exosphere of Copper 9, witnessing the destruction of Copper 9 resuming.

Absolute End
Uzi is still in space and begins to float away from Copper 9 and she struggles to save herself. An asteroid from the planet's rings is moved by a Solver symbol and it is revealed that Nori was also thrown into space and she hops from asteroid to asteroid to reach Uzi. When the latter sees her, she calls out to her mom, but no sound comes out as they are in space. The two finally have a long-awaited reunion and catch up on how to stop the Solver at last.
